Category - UltraCamp's General Features -

API Integration - Create your own customized user experience with limitless possibilities
Camp Store Deposits - Parents can add funds to their account at any time and updated in real time
Account Management - Your parents now have one place to manage all of their camp related info
Unlimited Sessions - Open all of your programs when you want at no extra cost
Custom Confirmations - Send clients confirmations that are tailored to each program offered
Automatic Waitlists - Automatically puts people on a waitlist and notifies them when their spot opens
Completion Monitoring - Identify how often your clients are completing the registration process and where they are getting stuck
Form Builder - Create unlimited online forms unique to your organization
Seamless Family/Group Registration - Family camp registration has never been easier or more cohesive
Unique Process for Each Event - Run multiple programs with a different process for each one
Aesthetic Control - Customize the banners, menus and colors to mirror your website

Group Checkout: Compile multiple registrations in the cart and check out in one easy payment.
Document Center: Users can upload files and complete online forms within their account.
Authorize Pick-ups: Easy access to a list of individuals authorized to pick up each child.
Photo Gallery: Post photos of events and control accessibility, if desired.
Camp Store: Allow for a cash-free shopping experience in your on-site store.
View Payments: Easily access a list of all previous transactions.
Notifications: Allow the system to send out automatic notifications for various reminders and alerts.
Auto Saving Forms: Reduce frustration by auto-saving all online form answers until they are manually updated.
Message Center: All of your user's notifications, confirmations, and other messages easily accessible on one page.
Profile Photos: Require a photo for every individual, if desired.
Full Registration History: View and/or report on all past registration activity.
Mobile-First Design: Users can easily register and manage their account with mobile devices.
Donation Portal: Collect donations and track allocations with built-in donation tools.
Quick Account Creation: Minimize frustration with a simple, fast account creation process.


Category - UltraCamp's Medical features -

Custom Medical Questions: UltraCamp allows you to create personalized medical questionnaires for campers, ensuring that you obtain the information you need in the way you want while maintaining data confidentiality.
Kardex Printouts: Generate custom cards with camper medical information that can be used by staff and medical personnel in the event of an emergency.
Medication Timings: Utilize UltraCamp's planning tools to identify and distribute medications at appropriate times.
Medication Route Selections: Indicate the method by which medications should be administered to each individual camper.
Profile Picture Confirmations: Verify camper identity by requiring a profile picture upload.
Incident Logs: Customize and securely store detailed records of incidents that occur on-site.
Nurse Logs: Utilize UltraCamp's user-friendly logs to record when medications were administered and for what purpose.
Bulk Medication Distribution: Easily distribute multiple medications to multiple campers at once, streamlining the medication distribution process.
FDA Medication Selections: Select from a comprehensive list of common medications and appropriate dosages for streamlined medication management.
Distribution Tracking: Set up medication dispensing tracking by time and medication for each individual, ensuring proper distribution and recording.
Health Records: Maintain a comprehensive record of on-site health-related incidents, enabling easy reporting and analysis.

Category - Online Payments -

Online Payment: Accept ACH, Credit, &/or Cash payments securely.
Extended Care Management: Efficiently manage after care programs with time-sensitive pricing.
Camp Store Accounts: Parents can add funds to their camper’s store account 24/7.
Coupon Codes: Customizable codes for discounts and promotions.
Group Pricing Structures: Easily set up pricing with cost caps and discounts for groups.
Manual Price Adjustments: Quickly adjust pricing for any registration.
Multi-Week Discounts: Automatic discounts for multiple weeks and campers.
Cancelation Fees: Add unique cancellation fees to any program.
Scholarships/Sponsorships: Track funds for scholarships and sponsorships.
Automated Discounts: Discounts that apply automatically based on criteria.
Custom Payment Plans: Create personalized payment plans with automatic charges on set dates.

Category - Donor Management -

Campaigns: Pre-defined areas for donors to donate to at any time.
Suggested Amounts: Create custom suggested donation amounts for different donation options.
Pledges: Donations promised to be paid in the future.
Giving Statements: Easily generate and distribute statements to all donors.
Communication Tools: Powerful tools to communicate with specific donor levels, donors to a project, and more.
Customized Donation Reports: Ability to create custom reports unique to your organization.
Automated Thank You's: Create a customized email triggered after a donation.
Recurring Donations: Allow donors to donate on a schedule - weekly, monthly, or annually.
Relationship Management: Store information about people and their connection to your organization.
Streamlined Donation Process: Easy-to-follow link from your site to donate to campaigns or other funding areas.

Category - Finance Management Features -

Allocation Accounts: Assign GL codes to programs and resources for efficient tracking and reporting.
Daily Batch Reports: Generate daily reports on bank deposits and withdrawals.
Custom Transaction Templates: Create custom debit or credit transactions with labels unique to your organization's needs.
Allocation Modifications: Automatically track and report on financial changes due to customer modifications and cancellations.
Discount Tracking: Monitor discounts offered per area or season.
Daxko Compatibility: Import data into Daxco for recording and reporting.
Searchable Transaction History: Easily search transactions by type.
Revenue Comparison Graphs: Quickly compare current revenue to the same period last year.
Export to CSV: Export reports as .csv files for use in preferred spreadsheet platforms.

Category - On-Site Management -

Attendance Tracking: Mark campers in or out for each activity and keep track of their attendance.
Authorized Pickup: Collect information for people approved to pick up a child and ensure safe and secure pick-ups.
Roster Reports: Generate quick reports on registered attendees and relevant information.
Online Signable Waivers: Create custom waivers and collect electronic signatures with ease.
After-care Pricing: Set up customizable and time-sensitive pricing for extended care.
T-Shirt Orders: Track and distribute camp shirts effortlessly.
Medication Records: Record medication administration and store the information on each individual's account.
Easy Reporting: Access standard reports and build custom reports for easy data analysis.
Check-in/out: Check attendees in and out of sessions or options within sessions with dedicated tools.
Multi-Program Management: Manage multiple programs and locations within a single database.
Parent Communication: Communicate with parents via email, SMS, or phone messages, individually or in groups.
In-Person Registration: Register attendees easily from any device with internet access.
Activity Lists/Roster: Quickly generate rosters for activities within sessions.

Category - Reporting & Analytics -

Reports: Create a unlimited amount of custom reports using our drag and drop report builder.
Camp/Program Rosters: Quickly access detailed rosters for each program.
T-Shirt Distribution: Generate a list of participants' names and T-shirt sizes by session.
Kitchen Reports: Empower your food service director to generate necessary reports.
Canceled Reservations: Report on canceled reservations and restore them in most cases.
Waiting Lists: Offer waitlists for full programs and track sign-ups.
Email Correspondence: View all email communication with participants or groups at a glance.
Birthday Reports: Generate a report of camper birthdays for all or select groups.
Attendance Sheets: Print forms for staff to log attendance on-site for selected groups.
Medication Distribution: Track medication distribution and record who administered it.
Completion Monitoring: Track incomplete registration attempts and the page where users abandoned the process.
Drag & Drop Custom Report Builder: Create custom reports by dragging and dropping fields and applying filters.
Retention Reports: Compare attendance between seasons with ease.
Accounts without Reservations: Easily report on accounts that have been created but not registered.

Category - Communication Management -

Personalized Bulk Email: Send personalized mass emails to individuals, including account statements.
Individual Directory: Create a customized list of individuals for communication or reporting purposes.
Custom Confirmations: Create custom notifications for each session.
HTML Email: Customize your emails and templates using HTML.
Individual or Group Calls: Record a broadcast message or text for individuals or groups.
Photo Gallery: Add photos of camp activities for parents to access easily.
Custom Labels: Print custom labels for mailings.
Report-Based Communication: Message all families in any report you run.

Category - Staff Management -

Integrated Background Checks: Partner with True Hire to add background checks to staff application process.
Automated Reference Forms: Conveniently communicate with staff references.
Document Upload: Easily upload staff documents for quick access and management.
Custom Forms: Create unlimited custom forms without any additional cost.
Auto-Reminder Notifications: Set up automated reminders for staff tasks.
Clock-in/Out: Identify staff arrival and departure time for duty.
Cabin Assignments: Assign staff to appropriate cabins for efficient staffing.
Targeted Communication: Quickly broadcast messages to specific groups of staff.

Category - Point of Sale -

Store Account Charging: Integrate seamlessly to charge purchases against store money added by parents.
Physical Register Compatible: Connect your tablet to a cash drawer and receipt printer easily.
Instant Store Deposits: Allow clients to add store money at any time for immediate use.
Inventory Control: Manage inventory, track pricing changes, and identify top-selling items with a user-friendly tool.
Tablet Friendly: The store interface is compatible with mobile devices such as tablets.
Customizable Register: Streamline the checkout process with customizable register buttons.
Revenue Calculator: Enter costs and set up pricing to see revenue numbers.
Reports: Easily generate inventory reports, transaction reports, and account balance reports.
Barcode Integration/Scan: Print and/or scan barcodes for easier checkout.
Store Money Collection: Add to store credit online or in-store at any time.
Unspent Money Refunds: Set up a simple process for refunding unspent account credits.
Accept Cash/Cash Transactions: Although designed for cashless operations, you can still accept cash if desired.


